README.adoc, before:

Compile on Save vim plugin
==========================
Marco Herrn <marco@mherrn.de>
2019-09-19
:experimental:
:icons: font

A vim plugin that registers a simple trigger to call ':make %' when a buffer is saved.

Commands
--------

This plugin provides the following commands to enable or disable the
compile-on-save trigger.

[horizontal]
CompileOnSave:: Enable the compile-on-save trigger.
CompileOnSave!:: Disable the compile-on-save trigger.
CompileOnSaveToggle:: Toggle the compile-on-save trigger.

Those commands always operate only on the current buffer. Therefore you can
toggle the compile-on-save feature independently for each buffer.

As those commands will be called only infrequently there are no default
mappings to call these. However the following `<Plug>` mappings are
provided to create these mappings:

<Plug>(CompileOnSave)::
<Plug>(CompileOnSave!)::
<Plug>(CompileOnSaveToggle)::

You can map these e.g. to kbd:[F2] via

[source]
----
nmap <F2> <Plug>(CompileOnSaveToggle)
imap <F2> <C-o><Plug>(CompileOnSaveToggle)
----

Inspiration
-----------

The inspiration to this plugin came from
https://github.com/jjaderberg/vim-ft-asciidoc[jjaderberg/vim-ft-asciidoc]
which provides the same functionality for asciidoc files.
The functionality of that plugin was integrated into
https://github.com/hupfdule/vim-asciidoc-ng[hupfdule/vim-asciidoc-ng], but
since this functionality is in no way restricted to asciidoc files it was
outsourced into this plugin.

License
-------

This plugin is licensed under the terms of the
http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT[MIT License].

Commit message:

Integrate vim-dispatch if available
Call `:Make!` instead of `:make` to run the compiling process in the
background.

README.adoc, after:

Compile on Save vim plugin
==========================
Marco Herrn <marco@mherrn.de>
2019-09-19
:experimental:
:icons: font

A vim plugin that registers a simple trigger to call ':make %' when a buffer is saved.

Commands
--------

This plugin provides the following commands to enable or disable the
compile-on-save trigger.

[horizontal]
CompileOnSave:: Enable the compile-on-save trigger.
CompileOnSave!:: Disable the compile-on-save trigger.
CompileOnSaveToggle:: Toggle the compile-on-save trigger.

Those commands always operate only on the current buffer. Therefore you can
toggle the compile-on-save feature independently for each buffer.

As those commands will be called only infrequently there are no default
mappings to call these. However the following `<Plug>` mappings are
provided to create these mappings:

<Plug>(CompileOnSave)::
<Plug>(CompileOnSave!)::
<Plug>(CompileOnSaveToggle)::

You can map these e.g. to kbd:[F2] via

[source]
----
nmap <F2> <Plug>(CompileOnSaveToggle)
imap <F2> <C-o><Plug>(CompileOnSaveToggle)
----

Complementary Plugins
---------------------

vim-dispatch::
  If https://github.com/tpope/vim-dispatch[tpope/vim-dispatch] is installed
  compile-on-save.vim will call `:Make!` instead of the builtin `:make` to
  run in background.

Inspiration
-----------

The inspiration to this plugin came from
https://github.com/jjaderberg/vim-ft-asciidoc[jjaderberg/vim-ft-asciidoc]
which provides the same functionality for asciidoc files.
The functionality of that plugin was integrated into
https://github.com/hupfdule/vim-asciidoc-ng[hupfdule/vim-asciidoc-ng], but
since this functionality is in no way restricted to asciidoc files it was
outsourced into this plugin.

License
-------

This plugin is licensed under the terms of the
http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT[MIT License].
